c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\bin\Debug\TryClock.Windows.xr.xml
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\bin\Debug\TryClock.Windows.exe
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\bin\Debug\TryClock.Windows.pdb
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\bin\Debug\TryClock.Windows.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\TryClock.Windows.exe
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\TryClock.Windows.pdb
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\yossif\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\bin\Debug\TryClock.Windows.xr.xml
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\bin\Debug\TryClock.Windows.exe
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\bin\Debug\TryClock.Windows.pdb
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\bin\Debug\TryClock.Windows.build.appxrecipe
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\TryClock.Windows.exe
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\TryClock.Windows.pdb
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
E:\Develop\TryClock\TryClock\TryClock.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
